also fan TV first of all what's a mode
you're the most miserable guy to sit
next to whether to kneel down oh my god
charlie I was looking to move but when
we got back in it now you're the best
extent are we fighting the way home you
know I'm the first one to admit it when
I when Arsenal news I'm a little bitch
you know I am not fun to be around my
family know that everyone that knows me
knows that people like my mates they say
like you know they'd rather one of the
other lads their team loses at mine
because you know they know that they
want to talk about it but you know I
have to me at halftime I'd my head in my
hands are sulking but can you blame me
because we were terrible for 80 minutes
in that game in the first half we were
so below par it was embarrassing mmm
defensively lots of errors by a sore
today is that because we you know new
partnership near-miss aku hasn't even
really had a preseason no preseason
games really straight in chambers in
combination with him the first time the
plane together it did look a bit
destroyed it did look just join it and
also with Gibbs not being there at all
so it was like two of our two out of our
four were gone but if you look at
chambers and cost yani then you and they
just click together straightaway so I
think right you know I think its credit
to Everton to be honest you they did
quite well we started the game off fine
based an age-old story when we can see
the goal we don't deal with going down
very well if the team wants to sit off
like when panis 11 it up they thought
right let's waste time we'll sit off and
they didn't put us under a lot of
pressure so then them signs aren't
visible but with ever turn they scored
the first and they kicked on for the
second and we do get nervy and you know
we need to address that and I think the
way to address that is a central
defensive midfielder that is a calming
who for me Lars bender he would be my
choice if you know I'd love to get
someone like Mascherano or Pogba but
they're not realistic so for me Lars
bender I've been even hurting rumors
about him so if that's not going to
happen Sami Khedira is not especially
CDM right now but our honoree wasn't
especially sent forward and behind him
venga can make khedira especially CDM
and he's intelligent enough there's an
ambulance cool if you're not so so we
not just over just jumping on
but yeah I think khedira is it has got
to be the answer because he we can get
him on a cut-price deal and he's
intelligent enough to play that role so
if being a thinks he can do that then
get him in there ultimately when people
say oh yeah but he's not the right man
for the job NORs arteta and Khedira's
better than Arteta so I need you can
beat that logic then you know what can
you say and going into the Schick test
game optimistic now I mean I some
massive morale booster it will be a
morale booster could have been so so
different but yeah you know I expect us
to be better class anyway and we better
beat them because if we don't then 30
million comes out the transfer key to
make up for the Champions League money
so we better beat them but you know
today just one thing I have to point out
that second goal you know the first one
it happens in football it wasn't great
offended but the second goal if any
other fans wanna blame it on the offside
less let's go back 20 seconds and look
at how naive are defending was I mean
what on earth will be doing it doesn't
take a rocket scientist or a you know a
pundit to figure out that you just stay
on your feet if you're outnumbered you
just stay on your feet and to dive in
like that we we really at times made
ourselves look like a bit of a pub team
today I don't know how we equalised yeah
I don't know how we gotta draw out of
that game I reckon Everton are probably
still sitting in the dressing room
shell-shocked to how they didn't get
three points cuz we were very think
you're being a bit harsh night because
you know what oh yes first off terrible
for bitsat a second but our for once the
substitutions were made it was all ask
the wait for anything we could have won
it Indian it was all a store but as in
the context of a game because if it was
no no it wouldn't have been all asked
what Everton allowed us to put pressure
on them because they back themselves to
defend a two goal lead ultimately that
didn't happen but if it wasn't to know
they would have been pushed him forward
as well you know maybe we lucky did it
went to toonol so they could you know
give up on the light you know give up on
attacking if it was wondering I might
have pushed forward more relieved I'm
absolutely buzzing about it though man
and just really happy and also that I
thought I'd point out to you like this
isn't I've committed to doing this thing
right where every single time arsenal
score a goal a game that I actually go
to I'm going to donate five pounds for a
medical aid in Palestine that's what the
badge is all about but you know today
cost me ten quid Palace cost me ten quid
long may it continue man I want every
game gets out your broken trees
example of tears will get the awesome
fan TV app available on Apple and
Android now